You just can't figure out he's the president anyway
Don't know too much, sister.
I won't tell the truth next time.
So as not to poke someone's sore spot
I don't care about you.
I can give you another chance.
It's too late for you to regret it now
As long as you are willing to follow me
I will also accept your company when you marry
Then you can take care of the children at home with peace of mind
Mr. Zhou, if there is nothing else, I will return to the company
Tell you from what attitude
Offended me
Don't even think about the East Side project
Really?
Hello uncle
What's the matter?
Wang Zhenfei, did you offend some big task?
The best company has already targeted me. I warn you not to talk nonsense to me outside
There's a lot going on in this project.
If you lose it for me, don't think about it
What is your identity?